hi everyone this is Gladys welcome to my
kitchen again today today I'm gonna show
you how to make bean jelly or tada
bean noodle in the chilly south in
Chinese is called a tramp a young
elephant this dish is very popular in
pop art either especially in summertime
I really like this dish Rudi and
refreshing and spicy so the other day I
had this outside of off the local
restaurant I really like that they are
soft and there the whole recipe so I
wouldn't chew off the chef and actually
he told me them the way to make it
through really not that hard you can
just make it home so today I'm going to
show you how to make it from scratch
let's get started here are all the
ingredients you will need
okay first I'm going to measure the
crimping starch I bought it from my
local Korean grocery store so I think
people also start online from the basket
so how the crimping start I'm probably
using a metal cup I'm using the there's
half a cup so I don't really want to
make a big portion because that's what
you have to after it's made you have to
finish it in today I'm just making a
portion for two people I'm using spoon
to scoop this out don't wanna make a big
mess you have to fly everywhere I'm
going to put the half half of them
hollering to my America the major secret
you know thing about this recipe is the
ratio of the water to the crimping
starch and it has to be 1 to 6 so you're
leaving one portion out for curbing
starch and a 6% of water what I'm going
to do is I mean you know have butter
here in my magic cup I use just two
measures easier that way I think one
portion of the like once they sell water
let's suppose we use and putting here
I'll only make this lap first because
from being starch are
they're super sticky you know my own
together stick to the pot and boil them
and next time keep using my magic up
together another five hops more water
remember our secret ratios one two
things no second one yeah now I'm having
a cup of water into my mixing huh
you've all to mix it really well keep
stirring make sure there's nothing on
the bottom of the cup okay I'm I'm you
a nonstick pot as you can see I said
that before the the greatest art is
super-sticky
so we listen no no stinking coat and
turn the heat to high before you pour
into the pot make sure you mix it again
okay I think it's the amazing spoon to
accompli move the mixed mixture slowly
well I bought leaning further to get
boiled this is the key P how they get
sticky
okay now the mixers well my uncle so you
can see them you should be like this so
when you see this kind of paste looking
that means they're done it should be a
clear looking hey I'm uh I'm using a
clear containers cut-up glass container
from prep which I really like so I'm
going to molded this Jenny as you can
see this is the perfect texture you want
and I'm just going to shake it make sure
they're evenly distributed and they've
just break any bubble if there's any
bubbles okay so now I'm just going to
lift this with a cover on in the room
temperature you do without while the
pudding the fridge well it's still hot
or warm because if you put in French
Authority they get really easy to break
while we waiting on the pincers you can
cool down so now I'm going to use the
time to make myself I'm using a green
onion I'm just going to cut a really
into really a thin slices next time
don't you have cilantro and also chop
dinner for lunch only small pieces okay
and then put it aside
okay now I'm going to make the sauce I
mean be a size house now I'm going to
add a little little bit of black
just a tiny bit and next we're going to
use that just a tiny drop off my
semi-loyal and I'm going to add just one
teaspoon of sugar in that number two
Adam so the garlic chili oil if you
haven't seen my other video about the
how to make the garlic chili oil you can
check it out I'm just adding one
throughout the products you work on to
yourself that will mix it up
okay now the stuff is ready it smells
really good
now the green jelly is already being
public food I'm going to take it out
just use your clean finger from the side
now I'm going to cut it into really thin
slices and are you finished plating them
the feeling of jelly noodle on the plate
and I'm going to UM for the soft work
with premium and top up with pink jelly
next I'm going to use the mixture of our
cilantro real army just print on the top
okay now the thing gel is ready to throw
looks really pretty
thanks for watching guys